three general categories
    -turn raw data into useful data (QWP)
    -analyze useful data (HSG)
    -output analysis and metadata as a useful display (UI)
      UI seems sort of bizarre as many of the objects in analysis construct
      their own graphs and output them. This could possibly be corrected by
      rewriting the graph code to output figure objects without printing them

ipg is a separate collection of misc deprecated features
    appears to be split between UI and analysis in the new organization

proposed structure
  src
  |--Stele
      |--analysis
          |--HSGAnalysis (new folder of the compartmentalized hsg object)
          |--Parts of QWP such as fan diagram & polar plot
      |--processing
          |--QWPProcessing
          |--Some hsg may go here such as CCD?
      |--UI (this one feels out of place, with qwp ui elements within it)

Thus extension by a new project would involve adding a sub package under say
  analysis, and putting all relevant code there, without touching the others.

analysis and processing could potentially be split into separate packages

autodoc implementation is important for ongoing package documentation
  this would also allow automatic construction of online documentation
  via a resource such as "Sphinx"

testing implementation is also important. Several options remain to be explored
  as part of a latter stage, but current major considerations are unittest as
  most other test runners seem compatible with unittest code, and unittest is
  bundled with all python installations.

  after consulting the python developers discord, it seems pytest is the
  current standard, vastly preferred over unittest. simplicity and power are
  the main reasons stated for this preference.

Automation of testing and doc commands can be handled via Invoke I believe, but
  that is the tool that confuses me the most out of those 4. Seems to be mostly
  a python script runner, but I likely just need familiarity with it.

MOST IMPORTANTLY, code should be reorganized and rewritten in a way that has
  extendability in mind. Purpose is to close existing code as a complete and
  well arranged code base for future individuals to understand, and for said
  individuals to intuitively understand how to extend the existing base cleanly
  for their own purposes. This general concept is the "Open/Closed Principle".

  To put it clearly, once the existing files are rewritten, they should not be
  added to for most normal reasons. Features can be introduced via inheritance
  of existing objects in new ones. If this is insufficient perhaps objects can
  be refactored to have a more narrow scope, such as my monte carlo object
  splitting the generation and analysis functionality. As time goes on, Objects
  can possibly be marked as "locked in" and thus clearly labeled as not to be
  extended directly by future members of ITST.

Altogether, refactoring can follow a staged plan as follows
|--Reshuffle code according to the new general architecture, mostly cut & paste
|--Familiarize with tools to be implemented inline, so far only autodoc
|--Rewrite code once fitted to architecture with priorities roughly as follow
|   |--break large objects such as hsg into smaller more manageable ones
|   |--fit code to style, at minimum whitespace styling, noting other issues
|   |--update documentation to feature autodoc support, add new documentation
|--Write tests for newly refactored code
|   |--key hsg and QWP functions aiming for 100% unit testing
|   |--general hsg and QWP functions aiming for 100% integration testing
|   |--rest of code such as ipg integration testing is last priority
|--Stretch goals as follow in rough order
    |--publish package to Python Package Index (PyPI) for easy pip installation
    |--force conformance to style on github, likely a reduced style
    |--automation of testing and autodoc via something like invoke
    |--creation and hosting of a html wiki for the codebase, likely via Sphinx
    |--review current implementation of codebase in lab and redeploy as wanted
